Adopt the Horizon Cloud and Azure Landing Zone Accelerator
VMware and Microsoft partnered together to accelerate the future of work. Employees need a consistent experience and seamless access to the applications and insights vital to doing their best work wherever work needs to get done – in the office, on the road, or at home.
Horizon offers flexible deployment options across private and public clouds, from on-premises to Microsoft Azure, and other cloud providers, enabling hybrid and multi-cloud architectures. Always up-to-date services in the Horizon Control Plane connect entitlement and management layers across Horizon pods in different datacenters and clouds, addressing challenges such as monitoring and image, application, and lifecycle management.
The reference implementation below adheres to the architecture and best practices of the Microsoft Cloud Adoption Framework's Azure landing zones with a particular focus on the enterprise-scale design principles as well as best practices from VMware for Horizon on Azure deployments.  Although this implementation can be deployed in any Azure environment that complies with the prerequisites, it is recommended to use this solution after implementing an enterprise-scale landing zone for Horizon. To ensure a secure and properly functioning environment, both Azure Enterprise Scale Landing Zone Architectural guidance and VMware Horizon Cloud Next -Gen deployment document should be reviewed thoroughly prior to standing up a Horizon environment. The rest of this document walks you through an architectural overview, and key design areas you should consider when deploying Horizon Cloud Next-Gen on Azure.
